README.md, before:

# EasySub

## Download movie subtitles with ease

Easysub is a program written in wxPython that automatically downloads movie subtitles based on file hash. It uses the OpenSubtitles API to search and download subtitles.

![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/O4djmgX.png)

### Features

-   Drag and drop multiple files to download subtitles
-   Subtitles are renamed and copied to the directory which makes multimedia players easily find the corresponding SRT file

### Usage

You need to have the following to run this program:

-   Python 3.6.x
-   (Optional) An account in [OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org)

Create a virtual environment and install the requirements using `pip install -r requirements.txt`. Then start the program using `python main.py`. Upon starting, please provide your OpenSub creds in `Menu > Account info`. You can ignore putting account info, in that case guest login will be used (not recommended).

### Binary Distribution

A standalone application for Windows will soon be provided. Please keep a look in the Releases tab.

Commit message:

added missing information regarding ENV file

README.md, after:

# EasySub

## Download movie subtitles with ease

Easysub is a program written in wxPython that automatically downloads movie subtitles based on file hash. It uses the OpenSubtitles API to search and download subtitles.

![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/O4djmgX.png)

### Features

-   Drag and drop multiple files to download subtitles
-   Subtitles are renamed and copied to the directory which makes multimedia players easily find the corresponding SRT file

### Usage

You need to have the following to run this program:

-   Python 3.6.x
-   An account in [OpenSubtitles](https://www.opensubtitles.org) with registered API agent

Now do the steps as follows:

-   Create a virtual environment and install the requirements using `pip install -r requirements.txt`
-   Create a `.env` file in the root directory supplying `agent` info provided by OpenSubtitles API
-   Start the program using `python main.py`
-   (Optional) Upon starting, please provide your OpenSub creds in `Menu > Account info`.

You can ignore putting account info, in that case guest login will be used (not recommended).

### Binary Distribution

A standalone application for Windows will soon be provided. Please keep a look in the Releases tab.
